In this lesson we will learn about each TMLC comments.
A comment is simply a bit of text that we include in our age DMO code that will not be rendered or displayed
by the web browser.
So that means we can include text in a comment to explain our code for ourselves.
A comment is basically in line documentation for your own code.
Let's take a look at a quick example.
Here we are in a text editor and I'm looking at the code for this example page that we've seen in earlier
lessons.
And let's imagine that I want to leave a comment for myself to stay organized to begin the comment.
You use the less than symbol and then the exclamation mark and then two dashes then go ahead and space
and then you can begin typing your comment.
So I will say this is where the main text of the article begins.
Then to close your comment go ahead in space and then include two more dashes and then obviously at
the end is the greater than symbol.
Now if I save and refresh the browser we can see that that text is not appearing.
If it was going to appear it would show about right here.
So this means we can include comments anywhere in our HMO in order to explain the structure of our code
.
So that way if we revisit the Page Six months from now the comments will help explain things.
Or if a different developer needs to pick up our page and work on it they will be very grateful for
our comments.
I will let you decide where it makes the most sense to include comments in your code.
But I will point out that one of the most standard practices in the industry is to include a comment
when a div ends because as the complexity of your code grows more elements will be nested inside one
another and you will not believe how helpful it is to have a bit of a marker of where an element clearly
ends.
So for example we can include a comment here that says this is where the article body div ends or to
be a little bit less verbose.
What I do is just include a forward slash and then the name of the div.
So if we gave it a class of article body I simply type article body.
Now the structure of this particular code is simple enough that we probably don't need this comment
but believe me this is a good practice to get into because like I said is the complexity of your pages
grow ending div.
Comments are a true lifesaver.
So please feel free to use HMO comments wherever you see fit and I will see you in the next lesson.